>> I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard, and
this is "Mystery Teachings."
How do we truly become
the captain of our ship
to master ourselves and the kind
of impact we make in the world?
In this episode, we open up
the hood of our own vehicles,
so to speak, to take a look
at the engine that drives us
and how it really works.
When we're exposed to
vibrational energy,
we want to get to the point
where we can consciously
use it to raise
our own vibration
and live the alchemy of life.
Vibrational energy all
begins at the source,
the unmanifested potential,
the one mind, the Ein Sof.
We can also call it
spirit, light, love, will,
divine energy.
As we explored in
season one, all energy
flows from the source
through the various layers
of density and vibration via a
projection into the hologram.
It comes to us in the
form of frequency patterns
that create a stimulus
at this density level.
These patterns of energy
carry archetypal information,
some sort of original intent.
As that energy comes into us
it creates a vibrational change
within us at multiple levels.
This can then
emanate out from us
to make vibrational changes
in our surroundings.
So what do we do with
this energy or stimulus?
How do we best use it?
Ideally, we're going to harness
it to intentionally create
the changes that
raise our vibration,
therefore causing a
more positive impact
on our surroundings
and the world.
To do this, we
need to understand
how that information
or energy processes
through us on the inner planes.
As we do, we can be more active
and conscious participants
in this experience of life.
We can be more
empowered to exercise
our will, our choices for
how we put the energy out
into the world
through our actions.
Gaining understanding
of how this works
also empowers us to figure
out where things sometimes
go wrong.
Only then can we
choose to correct it
and overcome self sabotage
or destructive patterns
in our life.
In the Western Mystery
School tradition,
we go deep into this especially
with the Kabbalistic teachings
and understanding
the tree of life.
We come to understand
who we truly
are and the pattern
of how our mind works.
This is at the core, the key
framework for this process.
Kabbalah teaches us the
programming language
of the mind and soul,
the energetic framework
that governs how we operate.
With this knowledge, we can
gain greater self mastery.
This begins by
realizing two things.
First, that there is an
alchemical process going on,
meaning a process that the
vibrational energy goes through
before we interpret or
act upon that stimulus.
There is a reason behind how
that alchemical process works
within us and in the
world through us.
Because there's a reason to
it, a science, that means we
can learn how it works.
And with this understanding,
we can more proactively direct
this process for the good
of ourselves and all others.
The second thing to realize
is that with anything,
any stimulus that comes in
as energy or information,
down to the atomic level,
all this energy is sentient.
This means that there is
a form of consciousness
underlying all things.
And there is a system
to how that sentient
energy flows to and through us.
This experiential
world is systematic.
We want to get to
the point where
we can bring in
energy and stimuli
that innately excites us, energy
that helps us to activate more
of our gifts and potentials,
rather than stimulus
that can drag us
down or interfere
with our awakening process.
So to do this, we
have to understand
how our neurological
system and mind work,
how we process and
perceive information,
and how that feeds
back into the system.
This means raising our
energy in a way that
does not bring in pollution
or distortion of any kind.
We want to bring in a stimulus
that is of a pure vibration.
The key is that we bring
in the correct stimuli that
are harmonizing.
In the hermetic lineage, we say
that the first ray from source,
the hermetic ray
is about purity,
meaning it's of
a pure vibration.
So correct stimulus is one that
comes from that higher source.
And it is something that lifts
us up to that higher vibration
without bringing any pollution
or distortions into the energy
field.
And that part is key.
While there are many stimuli we
could work with in this world,
a lot of them bring in pollution
or have become distorted
by our improper use of them.
We want stimuli that enhance
our chakras and nervous system
in such a way that we also
remain fully conscious
and in control of
our thoughts, where
we are fully present to how
that stimulus makes us feel
and fully able to
consciously tune in
and feel the influence
it's having on us.
Examples of stimuli that are
pure and of a high vibration
include things like therapeutic
grade essential oils, well
composed music,
organic whole foods,
healing energy from a
well-trained healer,
and things like this.
Whereas vibrations that can
come in and distort or bring
pollution are things like drugs
and psychoactive substances,
alcohol, too much
caffeine, too much sugar,
processed foods, too
much TV, people's drama,
and so forth,
especially commercials.
Now, we should be very
careful about the programming
that we allow to come
into us through the TV.
Some of these stimuli
may feel like they
give a temporary
boost, but if they
come with the price of a
deeper crash afterwards,
or if they hook us
into addictive patterns
or add stress on
the system, then
these are the things that
are not of a pure vibration.
What actually happens inside us
when we encounter a stimulus?
As information or
energy comes in,
we detect it and receive
it through either the five
physical senses and
neurological system
or through the five spiritual
senses and the biofield.
From the biofield,
it enters the body
first through the
chakras, which connect
to the endocrine
system, that then
stimulates the nervous
system and the brain.
And we can think of these
five spiritual senses
as the souls sensory
nervous system.
These five physical and
five spiritual senses
are instruments of
detection and perception.
Now, when we take in a
stimulus, at first it's
received unconsciously,
meaning the energy comes in,
but our conscious mind isn't
registering it right away.
So typically the first
stimulus triggers a feeling,
meaning a sensation in the body.
Examples of feelings
include temperature changes
in the body, or sweaty palms, or
a change in our breathing rate.
Or our heart skips a beat, or
maybe the hairs on our arms
stand up, or the back
of the neck tingles.
Or we might feel a tension
somewhere in the body, maybe
a lack of ease.
Or it could be an
uplifting feeling,
stimulating us in a positive
way like a feeling of elation.
So by feeling here it means a
physical body sensation, not
an emotion.
Most of our feelings
or sensations
are being processed by
the old brain and brain
stem levels, the very deepest
parts within the brain.
And it's all happening
below the surface
of our conscious awareness.
It's happening unconsciously
for the most part.
But this kicks off a process
within our neurological system
that moves from the deeper
brain and then triggers
into the limbic brain.
And sitting just between the
old brain and the limbic system
are the pineal gland,
pituitary gland,
and the hypothalamus glands.
These are the central
core or the master glands
of the endocrine system.
A stimulus goes
through a circuit
within our neural wiring
and these gateway glands,
which then triggers a
biochemical cascade that
then stimulates either an
emotional response or a desire.
If it's a desire,
well, those desires
can be coming either from
the deeper brain body system,
or they can also be coming
from the more conscious desires
stored in the higher cortex.
If it's an emotion, the
limbic system, the midbrain,
is what holds most of
our emotional memories.
So here we can also
define our emotions now.
But let's define them,
instead of as a brain process,
let's define them
as a form of energy.
And this form of energy
is one that our soul
uses to communicate with us.
So our emotions are like
a language of our soul
as it sends signals into us.
Often, an emotional response
has to do with whether or not
our needs are being
taken care of.
When our needs are not
being taken care of,
we tend to get more emotional.
We get hurt, we get
agitated, angry.
But if our needs are being
taken care of, we feel happy,
we feel energized, we're
more romantic about life,
and we might be
able to connect more
with other people
in a positive way.
If, however, our desires
are getting triggered,
our desires have to do with our
wants rather than our needs.
And they're all the things
that we want in life.
So wants and desires are going
to be driven more by the ego as
opposed to the soul.
The ego is related to our
sense of our individual self,
while emotions are more
related to the soul's growth.
So the desires of
the individual self
are not so much about
our physical needs
for survival but
all the other stuff
that we want to experience.
Before we go too
far, let's clarify
that the ego has both positive
and negative aspects to it.
We're not just talking about
the bad parts, which most people
presume when they think of ego.
We have positive
desires that support
our growth and our well-being.
And we also have
negative desires
that can be harmful or
damaging or based on addiction.
The key with desire
is to realizing
where is it coming from.
Is it coming from
positive ego or is it
coming from negative ego?
What's the difference between
positive ego and negative ego?
Let's begin with positive ego.
Our higher self
uses positive ego
to help us feel driven in life,
to explore and experience life,
pursue our joy.
Our positive desires come
from that higher self
working through the positive
ego and the conscious mind.
But what we tend
to be conscious of
is usually just that
tip of the iceberg.
And the negative ego,
on the other hand,
is being driven by subconscious
programming, all the stuff
below the surface of the water.
And so these are things
like our unresolved issues,
indoctrination, fears,
old traumas, self sabotage
mechanisms,
insecurities, and so on.
And these things very
much tend to drive us.
So until we gain a greater
level of mastery of ourselves,
we tend to be operating
more on that subconscious
patterning of old, repressed,
addictive, and habitual
ways of being.
Those deeper patterns
are the things
we want to learn to
reprogram or eliminate.
They can create a
lot of distortions,
skewing how our
spirit, our true self,
is able to express
through us into the world.
The negative ego is
the buried parts of us
that haven't yet been healed or
haven't resolved and rectified
in our life.
We can consider the
ego itself as a whole
to be like a lens or
a vessel through which
that spirit or
that light flows in
to express itself in the world.
We can imagine on this lens
that splotches or dark spots
will distort the light
as it flows through.
These are the areas
that represent
where we need to
heal or clean up
our filter of the negative
ego, whereas the areas that
are clear and transparent,
allowing that light
to flow through undistorted,
can be related more
to the positive ego.
In Kabbalah, we talk about
something called shattering.
We've all been through
certain traumatic experiences
that have been shattering
to us in some degree.
And Kabbalah says that one
of our main jobs or purpose
in life is to go through
what is known as Tikkun.
This is the process of
rectifying, healing,
and repairing the
shattering of the vessels
or this distortion of
our ego and our soul.
Our task is to transmute
the ego and the soul
into more whole and
perfected states
so that life can flow
through us undistorted.
And we all need to repair
and heal at some level.
How do we start this
process of Tikkun
so that we can gain greater
mastery of ourselves
and the way we
respond to stimuli?
Well, one key is
to find balance.
Well, balance of what?
It's a balance between
the desires of the ego
and the needs of the soul.
We can imagine a teeter
totter or a set of scales
where there's this fulcrum or
balance point in the middle.
On either side of the
center are two weights.
In the middle at
the fulcrum is where
the stimuli come in and are felt
as physical body sensations.
How do we find balance
between these two sides?
Well, to answer that, let's
take a closer look at our
wants versus our needs.
What are our basic
needs, meaning
needs that we must
have for survival
at a very physical level?
Well, first and foremost,
we need to breathe.
We need air.
We also need things like water,
food, sunlight, and warmth,
which we can group together
under a single category
that we call consumption.
We're consuming energy
in some form or another.
These ways that we take
in and consume energy
are essential to
sustaining life.
And when we have the proper
amount of that energy coming in
with pure vibrations, not only
do we sustain, we also thrive.
And that is what our
soul really yearns for.
So with proper food,
rest, hydration, exercise,
and balance with
our environment,
we begin to thrive.
We have vitality, and we
feel physically uplifted.
But if we're consuming energy,
what else do we need to do?
Well, we need to eliminate.
And we eliminate through
our digestive system,
through the sweat, through
cutting out activities
as needed, and resting.
In order to truly
thrive, we have
to find that balance between
consumption and elimination.
Otherwise, stagnation
and toxic buildup
will accumulate and
lead us to disease.
So in all things, remember to
not just accumulate or hoard,
but to establish a
balanced flow in and out,
consumption and elimination.
Spiritual traditions
all over the world
know this really well.
For example, they use fasting
to bring our systems back
into balance on
a periodic basis.
So regular cleansing can
support our overall system
to reduce stagnation and
toxicity within our body.
In addition to breathing,
consumption, and elimination,
the fourth and final thing
we need to survive and thrive
is love.
As a baby, this love
comes through the touch,
the attention, the
nurturing of a caregiver.
But as we get
older, that love can
come through maybe
our relationships
with others, not necessarily
one particular person,
but in general, having loving
relationships in our lives.
And yet even more
important is that we
come from self-love and
divine love from source.
You know, the problem
here is that if we
think we need a particular
person in our life,
that mindset can lead
to a co-dependency.
This is about having
love in our life,
not as an emotion
or romantic feeling.
We're not talking about
that kind of love here.
We're talking about Agape
love, a force of creation.
And this energy or
force is all around us.
It's accessible to us, as long
as we're ready to receive it.
But to receive it, we
must love ourselves.
And also it helps to have a
sense of love or reverence
towards spirit in order to feel
that presence of the divine.
It's always there for us.
So love is a need, but
it's the Agape love
we're talking about here.
And that's really it, just
four needs, air, consumption,
elimination, and love.
These four categories of
needs have been scientifically
proven as necessary for the
health of the physical body.
But that's all we really need.
Beyond that, everything else is
what we would call part of our
wants category in life.
So what are wants
and desires in life?
Well, it's pretty
much anything else
we want, things like romance,
passion, leisure time,
or certain lifestyle
choices, like preferring
to eat a particular type
of food or a certain way.
It's OK to want these
things and have fun in life.
That's part of why we're here.
And we can have our indulgences
but within moderation,
of course.
We can also want things
like greater meaning in life
or a sense of
purpose, a calling.
And one important
thing to realize
when trying to get a
handle on all of this
is that the things
that we're addicted to,
these are also part of
our wants, not our needs.
And why this is important
is that if we tell ourselves
that I need this or that in my
life, what we're subconsciously
telling ourselves is that I have
to have it or I'm going to die.
Saying something is a
need when it's really not
is one way that our
negative ego drives us
into addictive patterns, and
we give away our willpower
to that thing.
So rather than calling
it a need, say, I'd like,
or I'd prefer, or
I want to have it.
But don't call it a need.
As a really tangible
example, if I say,
I need a drink, well, if I
mean water, then yeah, sure.
That is a need.
But if I mean alcohol or soda
or coffee or some sugar laden
drink, then no, we really don't.
It's a want, not a need.
We must become aware of what we
are giving our power away to.
And there's a reason for this
that we'll get to in a moment.
We start by observing
our languaging
and how we say things
to ourselves and others.
By clarifying our
wants versus our needs,
this is one way that we can
get control of this process.
Well, why should we pay
such close attention
towards our choice of words?
How does this really help us?
Well, remember.
We're trying to balance out
the two sides of the teeter
totter or the scales.
So if we have four
categories of needs,
we should therefore figure
out four categories of wants.
And realize, this is
about how we use energy,
how we process a
stimulus and direct it
with our thoughts, which
then drives our actions.
If these two sides
are not balanced,
then like a teeter totter,
if we're heavy on the
wants side of things,
then let's say
we drop a ball in the center
point of that fulcrum.
As soon as it hits
that center point,
it's going to roll
downhill towards the wants.
And this is essentially
allowing the ego
to grab the energy because
the ego relates to our wants.
So it grabs the energy, and it
takes that to feed its wants.
But it often comes
at the expense
of taking care of our needs.
If our needs are not being
taken care of, what happens?
Well, we become physically
depleted in some way.
We might get sick or
go into survival mode.
This then becomes prime
time for the negative ego
to just take over.
If we're in survival
mode, we're typically
operating from the old brain's
fight or flight reactions.
Our old brain hijacks our
executive functioning,
and it begins to run the show
from instinctual survival
mechanisms.
When that happens,
we are no longer
in conscious choice or self
mastery by a far stretch.
Instead, we are now being
driven by our autopilot mode
and our fears.
It's up to us to
balance this out.
And we do that by
ensuring balance
between our wants and our needs.
That way, when the
energy comes in,
it has a chance to
move towards fulfilling
our needs and our soul in a
balanced rhythm with pursuing
our wants and our desire.
When we balance this, the energy
can then be directed properly.
But if it's overloaded
on one side,
it's like having a small child
on one side of the teeter
totter with then a heavy
adult on the other side.
And it's not so fun.
It's harder to keep
the rhythm going.
It's not balanced.
Only through balance
between the two sides
does that teeter
totter back and forth
process become fun because
it keeps a good rhythm going.
How do we find that good balance
between our needs and our
wants?
One helpful tool is to
make a list of all of our
wants, everything
we want in life,
including anything we might
have thought previously,
we had called as a need
or we thought it was need.
But now we see that it doesn't
fall into one of those four
basic categories of needs.
So make this list
of all the wants.
Then once you have
that list of all
your wants in life,
on each one of them,
rank them on a
scale of one to 10.
One means, I can
live without it.
It's nice, but I
can live without it.
10 means, I have to
have it, or life just
doesn't seem meaningful
or worthwhile.
What we're looking for
here is to find four big
wants that rank number 10.
Usually those wants are going to
be positive things like health
and beautiful relationships,
expressing our creativity,
having vitality, having a
joyful life, a sense of purpose,
surrounding ourselves
with activities and things
that uplift us.
These are all positive
thoughts and wants
that come from the higher self.
And this is all part
of what we are here
to express and experience
through the positive ego.
So find those four
big wants that balance
out the four big needs.
Well, what do we do with
all those other things that
didn't make our top four list?
Well all those other wants that
are not ranking in number 10,
we can label them now
into this other category.
We can still choose to engage in
those lesser wants, but realize
that when we do, we're directing
our energy away from fulfilling
our greater wants and needs.
Where attention
goes, energy flows.
Or another way of saying that
is what we focus on expands.
It's a choice we make.
And when we realize how
we're directing our energy,
we can then better harness
it and discipline ourselves
to consciously direct it towards
what we truly desire in life
and what we need
to really thrive
and to live the
life of our dreams.
This dynamic between
our ego and our soul,
our wants and our
needs, this is what
determines then what thoughts
arise in our conscious mind.
Whether the ego gets triggered
with a desire or the soul
gets triggered with an
emotion, after all of this,
does it then finally lead to a
thought at a conscious level.
Here, the stimulus
now makes its way up
to the cerebral cortex, the
higher regions of the brain.
And we become aware
of the stimulus.
It then sweeps forward
to the prefrontal cortex,
where we make a decision.
That thought and decision then
lead us to take an action.
The question is are we really
making a conscious decision,
or are we running on autopilot
and taking actions just
based on habit?
When we're on autopilot,
the negative ego
is what's predominantly running
the show with subconscious
patterns and programming.
But when we self reflect and
we make those necessary changes
in our lives to
balance things out,
we can strengthen our ability to
consciously choose our actions.
We can have more discernment,
more self control, more self
mastery, rather than operating
on autopilot or reaction.
Why is it important for us
to shift the cycle of thought
and action?
This is because whatever action
we take then creates a ripple.
And it leads to some
kind of result that
then feeds back into the cycle.
The actions we take can either
stimulate a positive feedback
loop or a negative one.
In those times when we feel
like the universe is against us
or we see ourselves as some kind
of a victim of circumstance,
we should be really
asking ourselves,
what have I been feeding into
the cycle of cause and effect?
Is this karma?
Is this a result of some
previous thoughts or actions
that I've been
putting out there?
Maybe, maybe not, but the
important thing to realize here
is that our thoughts can
generate karma too, not just
our actions.
How is that possible?
What does that really mean even?
What it means is that thought
precedes action, but here's
the kicker.
Ultimately, all thought
will be acted upon.
Of course, we've all had
thoughts that we did not
act upon ourselves.
So what happened
to that thought?
Where did the energy go?
We explored in season
one of Mystery Teachings
that there is only one mind.
We're all connected through the
sea of universal consciousness.
We can consider thought
as a vibrational energy.
It's not physical yet,
but it is just one layer
above the physical.
It's a vibrational energy
that can be measured,
and it influences things here.
Examples of how our
thoughts impact the physical
can be demonstrated by
things like spoon bending
or kinesiology and
various psy-phenomenon.
We know that our thoughts
impact us internally for sure.
They can trigger either stress
or relaxation responses within.
For example, epigenetic
research by scientists
like Bruce Lipton
and Dawson Church
have shown that when we
regularly and authentically
think positive and uplifting
thoughts towards ourselves,
the epigenetic layers of
our DNA switch to expressing
more of our genetic potential.
And our system then
functions better,
whereas negative
thoughts suppress
the genetic expression.
Negativity causes
stress, which can then
trigger higher cortisol
production in the body.
And that affects
stomach acid levels,
which affects digestion,
energy levels, mood,
and a whole cascade
of other things.
These internal
environmental conditions
within our body
triggered by our thoughts
contribute to whether the
epigenetic switches of our DNA
turn on or off.
It's so important for our
own health and benefit
that we learn to
control our thoughts.
What about the rest of
the world outside of us?
Well, as the saying goes,
as the inner, so the outer.
Our thoughts also
impact others because we
share one collective
field of mind,
a collective consciousness.
Our thoughts go out
into the collective
and effect it for
better or for worse.
This is especially
true when we're
talking about the thoughts that
we personally don't act upon.
What do I mean by that?
Well, the energy
has to go somewhere.
Action is what grounds
the energy of thought.
And remember, I said
earlier, all thought
is ultimately acted upon.
Consider the collective
field of mind
to be like a cloud of energy.
In a storm, electrostatic
energy builds up.
There's an accumulation
of charged ions.
And this contributes to an
overall electrical charge
in the cloud.
At some point when it
reaches that critical level,
it has to discharge.
And what do we get?
We get lightning striking.
Lightning strikes,
seeking to ground
the energy into the earth to
dissipate the excess charge.
This is a really good
analogy for what happens
in the collective mind field.
The more a thought is generated
and put out into the field,
the more it is repeated,
the more emotional charge
it has behind it.
And the more people
who are focusing
on that kind of
energy or thought,
the stronger that
charge becomes.
And it builds up this
energy in the collective.
At some point, when that charge
in the collective consciousness
reaches a critical level, it
will seek a suitable grounding
rod to discharge just
like lightning striking.
What grounding
rods, what are they?
Well, we are the grounding rods.
The energy will
find who ever it can
that has a sympathetic affinity
with that particular vibration.
And it grounds
through them to then
be acted upon, meaning
somebody will eventually
act upon our thoughts,
expressing it
into the physical.
The charge has to be
dissipated somehow.
So before we go pointing fingers
and blaming others or blaming
society for all the ills of
this world, just remember,
we are all one collective mind.
Thus, we are all
responsible for the thoughts
we contribute to the whole.
There is also a
positive side to this.
We can contribute positive
thoughts into the collective.
Those of us who want
to be the change,
who want to be conscious
contributors in a positive way,
can and must take
personal responsibility
to control our thoughts.
When we focus on sending
positive thoughts
into the collective one
rather than negative ones,
we can help.
Taking responsibility
to clean up our mind
and our actions
allows us to make
more positive contributions
into that collective mind field.
Using practices like
meditation and rituals
to quiet and direct
the mind with intention
are really key here.
Well, what are some
constructive actions
that we can take to help
redirect such negative energy?
The key is to ground it.
So for example, if we get
triggered to something
like anger, rather than
ruminating and repeating
with imaginary
conversations in our head,
we can take action via some
kind of a physical outlet.
Let's go for a run
or a fast walk.
Or maybe we can
punch a punching bag
or go yell it out in the car
with the music just cranked up.
Right, we can then redirect
and ground this energy
through all that
physical activity.
Another way is to
transmute it by calling
in higher spiritual energy
through something like ritual.
Rituals are action oriented.
And this is important because
it's different from meditation.
Rituals are action oriented,
and they're designed
to create a shift in energy.
So what are some examples
or practical things
that we can do to help us gain
greater mastery of ourselves
and how we contribute
to the collective field?
In addition to the physical
activities already mentioned,
one ritual is to write out our
thoughts on a piece of paper.
Get it all out of our system.
And writing it
helps to ground it.
And when we do this, though,
be mindful that the goal
is to dissipate the energy,
meaning to let it go.
If we hold onto it
or attach or get
into the emotion
and the drama, that
means we're not letting it go.
So we want to get it
out so that we can just
let it go and ground it.
And one option for helping us
to further release and transmute
any negativity is to
then rip the pages up
and burn them and watch the
flames burn it down to ash.
Alternatively, we can do this
through a visualization process
internally.
We can call in the
element of fire
and visualize a
bonfire internally
and put all those thoughts and
emotions and negative things
into the fire and
let them burn away.
Now, the next tip
to take this a step
further is once we
get into a space
where we can think
more clearly, we now
want to get conscious of where
is that energy coming from.
And to do so, we can ask
the following questions.
Where is this
energy coming from?
Is this my ego?
And if so, is it
positive or negative ego?
Or is this my soul
communicating something to me?
If it's an emotion,
is it current,
and is it inappropriate measure
to the current situation?
Or is this a regular
emotional pattern
of mine, something
that I always go to?
Is this triggering
something from my past?
Is it revealing to me something
maybe that requires healing?
Or is this something
that I really
should be paying attention
to here and now in the people
and in the
environment around me?
Also, become aware of how the
stimulus is being perceived.
Is it coming in through
the internal senses
or through the external senses?
Ultimately, whatever
the stimulus is,
we can ask, what
would spirit do?
What would love do?
What is higher will
trying to direct me to do?
What would bring the most
positive outcome or impact?
Asking these questions
helps us to make a more
proactive and clear decision.
Rather than reacting from
negative ego and woundedness,
we can align with our
spirit's higher will
and do so consciously
and purposefully.
Take the actions that will lead
to the best possible outcome,
and put positive
feedback into that cycle.
This is how we really
get conscious and aware
of the process of what is
happening within us as energy
and vibration comes in.
As we reflect on this, we can
get into a more conscious way
of impacting our life and
then the ripple effects
that we have on the world.
Always remember, the
world is our mirror.
By the fruits or by the
results we see outside of us,
we shall know what needs
to shift inside so that we
can be the change.
Change starts within.
By taking responsibility for
our thoughts, emotions, actions,
by observing this
pattern within us,
we can become powerful agents
of change within the collective.
As more of us commit
to doing this,
we will create a shift
in the collective field
and we'll transform our reality.
By bringing more light, more
love, kindness, harmony,
and beauty, we can
shift from separation
to a collective realization
that we are all one.
Join me again as we discover
how to become more fully
awakened as galactic beings.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard.
Thank you for
exploring the mysteries
of our human potential with
me in this episode of "Mystery
Teachings."